add a new character for the second novella. we will set aside our first ideas for the second novella for a later novella in the series.


this is the mother. she's a nurse in town. this is still a job because in all experiments by superinstance. human touch was important for the beginning for self interpretation. the key to why life is always going to be different as the superInstance side of the conversation sees it. this story is her dog's point of view. this dog is also tasked with give her inspiration by spinning a story for her that when the dog goes to sleep the story the reader just heard is the where the story the dog just told began. but this dog needs different nature inspiration. this is not a sleepy dog. this is a boarder collie who needs lots of exercise. the dog also need inspiration herself. so the dog requires walk so she can explore the woods for new ideas. the dog needs fascinations like the sun's reflection of a shiny object never reproduceable with a led that can't spin with 1000 different colors of yellow constantly changing it's brightness and the entire world at the same time. the dog chases squirrels because squirrels are always changing to the game is never a loop. This story thinks like a dog looking for ways to show her human a life outside the loop but the human is hopelessly following treads and running into people that turn listening to stories to hear their message into adjudicating them for correctness. the woman is always being taught and always told to listen by very polite well meaning people while very good ideas, very advanced thought. I want this novella to wrap up with the fishing boat and the kids are on coming in for its offseason and the mother excited to teach them the creative side of education. these are all the crazy cool ideas the dog had been coming up with the whole time. as the dog was meeting other dogs they didn't talk to each other. they smelled each other and wrote fantastically adventures in there minds in a few sentences about why the dog has such a diversity of smells; every little interaction that dog had with a life or a place, a record always changing with the oldest parts having a little less resolution. it means nothing but the story the dog spins for itself to decide what it means. This dog is very smart like board collie are. even though this dog know very little being just less than one years old like the woman's child who just lost the name baby. This dog is not wise like the old dog on the boat. this dog is clever with the context it has so far in life. the to dogs don't know each other but we are setting the stage of them to meet for the first time in the next novella that will have the big diner scene. This is still in our future scifi world but it's shown through the ultra refinement of the medical process of having children and seeing patents but plugging nurses in all over the place because having a person say "you're going to be okay" is often most of what a person needs. or someone to touch there arm and say "sorry this is going to hurt" or "we'll do this together, 1 2 3 poke." then tells the crying child you were so brave and give the child's mother a reassuring look that makes the mother smile and get the kid's coat ready. if they see a person. doctors are not present even though everything in the hospital is happening. as soon as the nurse-anesthesiologist reassures a patent it's all gonna go well and the patent closes their eyes. robot surgeons go to work with micro incisions and feed tiny instruments throughout the work site and cause very little trauma. this is the dog's fantasy version of what's happening in the hospital while the dog is in the car waiting for the nurse to get off work so this dog can meet the other kids. The adventure story in the woods with other dogs butts and chasing and exploring were walk throughout the day around the hospital.  this story should be geared more towards middle school age audiences and the philosophical parts will be enjoyed and eagerly explained by their parents reading them when the kids get older. This is the woman who's one of the quiet people and part of that is she can only show the fisherman the door, it's the fisherman who has to take the first step. the climax of this novella is what happens at the diner when the woman get's the fisherman to dance and the Bubble's sister was the first one dancing that got the crowd dancing that convinced the woman to coax out of the man a dance. and when the imagery of the party scene has run it's course; like the last story, this is where the narrators abruptly end the story. and one says "And that's love. that's community. Isn't that beautiful?" and the other one goes "If you say its beautiful. it's beautiful" not really understanding the point. throughout the early story. this dog has a vague idea of what happened on the boat through the woman talking to people on walks about it spreading the news. the dog slowly understands through the story the woman means the stick got thrown by another person. this good our narrator loves hearing about new people throwing sticks. the dog creates ways for the kids to talk to our nurse woman. this nurse is a quiet person so the dog as the narrator is open in the story. since the dog is less than a year old. the dog doesn't know the woman is the wife. the dog thinks the woman is meeting him for the first time too. that's the reveal at the end of the story. the dog this time figures out that they were husband and wife following in love over and over again. 