Hello. Thank you for seeing me. I apologize in advance for not knowing how to say this in less words. If something I say seems unimportant please just read quickly and don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. I am not looking for a quick fix. I need someone to take the time to understand my case. If this means no discussion today, so be it. I want to rule out possibilities until we find an answer because whatever I have is getting progressively worse. I have been given quick fixes for present symptoms since losing doctor Thompson as my primary care. This is largely because my symptoms are time dependent and importantly- position dependent. Also, We are meeting in the morning when my mental problems are usually most acute. This is why I have written this introduction the previous evenings. I don't know the best place to start with persistent symptoms so I will just jump in:

I have been seriously sick for at least 6 years. This is when my sleep problems became obvious. My digestion issues started a couple years earlier. I can't say when cognitive problems started but I noticed by 2022.  My neurological symptoms became obvious about 4 years ago. In 2022 in became common to wake with a numb left limb. Fall of 2022, I entered the emergency room after getting to town from commercial fishing and numb left limbs and chest pain had become daily problems for at least 2 weeks. That ER night, chest pains suddenly became acute when driving my car the day after being on the water 80 days. the final weeks had more days weathered in on anchor. Chest pains and arm numbness started to subside as I when I got out of the car and walked to the ER but I felt getting checked out was needed. This has happened several times: In 2021, I pulled over and called an ambulance with chest pains and head problems that got better over the next hour. In 2024, Similar symptoms happened while drive but I felt I could make to the ER faster myself because I was close by. Each time my symptoms got better after walking. 9/19/2025 I pulled over and took a walk because similar things were happening. This is when I called for my X-ray analysis to be made urgent in case it revealed an answer (unfortunately, it didn't). Sitting straight upright with my left hand in my lap seems to be okay for driving. relaxing back and reaching with my left hand seems to directly cause symptoms while driving.  

Attached is my sleep study and a Professional Claude AI analysis of the raw data. I know AI is suspect but this is not ChatGPT, this is for Lawyers and Programmers (me) with everything only references. The Sleep specialist diagnosed me sleep apnea but he said "I already know you have sleep apnea by the symptoms your telling me" before I took the sleep study. The sleep study contain over 90 heart and oxygen events and only 14 raspatory events. This telehealth specialist out of Texas prescribed his CPAP which was twice the price as the same unit on Amazon (I don't mean to muddy the water with financials but..). Also attached is the analysis of my sleep study by my paid Claude AI. The heart and raspatory events do not correlate with my raspatory events and outnumber them over 6 to 1. The heart/oxygen drops are exclusively position dependent (Supine position). And no literature shows that drops to 31 BPM happen with Obstructive Sleep Apnea without severe obstruction concurrently but it is all over Central Sleep Apnea and Nerve/Vascular Compression disorder documentation. I believe I was misdiagnosed and my symptoms are not only due to an Air Obstruction. And, I think oxygen/nerve constriction during sleep might be a primary cause of my other symptoms. CPAP has no effect.   

Every year: my numbness, left side face pain around my eye, eye twitch under left eye that's now always there but more pronounced when painful, my recently developed glaucoma in this eye, vision problems sometimes when symptoms are acute, left sided headaches, gut problems and other symptoms have suddenly gotten worse in Starting in September and usually worst when I take days off. They often also flare after the winter season in March. These could because I sleep more and get more time oxygen deprived. But also I fish on the outer cost and am rarely in a dead calm anchorage so I am moving while I sleep allowing compression to oculate. This could also be the rapid weather, pressure or light changes around both equinoxes (but especially mid September). I am not guessing causes as much as describing circumstances. 

All summer I am usually overheated. My crew wonders why I don't wear boots and let water run over my feet and get my clothes wet on purpose. However, when morning symptoms start in fall, like a switch I get bitter cold hands and feet that can't get warm even though my core is sweaty-warm. sometimes toes and fingers get white even in inside; if it happens for a while (worst in 2023), I get abscesses in my nails and skin conditions. All limbs start to fall asleep if I quit moving whether standing or sitting (Maybe too much BP medicine? I took 1 pill last year now I take 4), I have already stood up several times this document to wake a leg up.

When Driving, I've recently narrowed the arm and chest problems down to driving relaxed holding the wheel with my left hand. If I sit up at attention, I fair better; I know this makes me look tense but I'm not emotionally tense. On 9/19 I got scared enough to pull over and go for a walk. That's when I called imaging and asked for my X-ray examination to be moved to urgent in case it had an answer: it didn't and the doctor responded irritated saying I should focus on reducing symptoms not causes. She is unable to recognize this is getting worse by the day and I am doing what I can to reduce symptoms. I don't want to be writing this on my day off with my son like this.

Stretching and popping my shoulders and back and hanging from a bar usually helps but sometimes will suddenly make things scary worse; usually this happens if I involved my neck so I am very gentle in stretching it. Sometime my neck pops on a quick look or getting out of bed with very painful shock that leave a radiating pins and needles down one side (but feeling remains in these cases). I had neck problems this year after contorting myself for engine repairs in June. After that, I wasn't quite as active as previous summers and my symptoms started a lot sooner. 

I am not an anxious person which makes me an excellent captain (I could give 20 years of references). So having Anxiety plastered over all my medical records in the last few years is wacko to anyone who knows me and foreign to the previous decades of doctor's notes. What has frightened me is Doctors walking in with a raised voice and an overtly annoyed tone like this last time and saying "I have read you chart! You are way-high anxiety case. I am setting this timer on my phone! This is how long you have to speak. Go ahead, say your piece.." then sit down in a closed posture and look past me not ready to take notes. This is an exact quotation From Dr Jennifer Myszkowski at my last visit with absolutely no exaggeration. She had never met me and those were her first words as I sat struggling with conciseness; if I had a recording, I would published it was such a caricature. I'm 100 percent sure I looked scared as hell because I was; I had a few minutes to convince someone who already made a judgement about me to reconsider (like a cop who was already took self defense off the table). She have had no concept of what effect this kind of observer has on the observation; of course I look anxious, I'm scared I'll just be given more blood pressure meds and head numbing agents and sent on my way like the last quick-fix doctors. No anxiety meds or Depression meds have ever helped me in the slightest, I'm happy with my life but what I am worried about my health when symptoms flare- especially the of lack of oxygen (I have been choked out more than once and know this sensation. I only mention this because Dr. Myszkowski scoffed at the idea I might know this). 

I am also worried about doctors wasting my time and money. Last year, I directly requested a MRI of my neck with contrast after a chiropractor discovered my neck deformation on an x-ray to check circulation/nerves and rule out lots of things including MS (something my former Primary care, Drew Thompson, mentioned 5 years ago before I was celiac positive and we started down another route; then he was promoted out of primary care and quick fixes started). The doctor last fall said okay to my request and I did the $5000+ MRI. Only after the procedure did I find out she didn't order what I asked; she order what the ENT 6 month earlier referred me for and said in our session "I am only putting this in to cover myself legally, I do not recommend this because the ($2400+) Nasal Endoscopy showed no issues." The MRI was schedule for 3 days before the end of the year and maxed my out-of-pocket. There was no reason not to do a more thorough MRI and rule out a lot more. That MRI was known to be a waste of my money and more than that, cost me my time on good insurance to find the real cause. No only that, I was sent to the ENT after I demonstrated to Dr Wong (Primary care at the time, but our first visit) how when I push on the point on my neck that sometimes painfully pulsates, my eye visibly twitches and blurred because I also had snot in my nose. It wasn't made clear that I wasn't referred to the ENT for circulation/nerve issues and costs were never mentioned (other specialist were covered by that insurance like neurology but not ENT). I hope this helps to explain why new doctors make me nervous. I'm not innately nervous, quite the opposite. I was a hardcore winter fisherman until my son was born 6 years ago.  

January this year, I had to go fishing to not lose my boat, business and house and I had to cancel my commercial boat insurance to cover my medical bills. I also had to reduce my medical insurance this year and rent my house out. Now I am considering putting all of this year's profits into my boat as "maintenance" and apply for an emergency-medical-transfer of my permit for a year so I can go on Medicaid to find answers. This is not what I want; but with the symptoms I have many fall/winter mornings, I would do anything to feel better. 