Lets start with my initial questions. 


Susan At financial counseling told me I should call a year and a half ago when she heard was what happening. 

There's more to that part of the narrative but I think the place to start is probably with my most recent visit.

------------

My face symptoms started to flare at the arcade with my son. and I suddenly got a nose bleed on my left side and start getting weird perception problems again but more pronounced.

I was in the middle of texting my Girlfriend, Jasmine Bak, a long-time search nurse who came right away. And after checking my Blood pressure and face decided I needed to drop my son off with my ex wife and go to the ER.

On the way my Arm turned blue. Jasmine checked and there was no capillary response and she said I it was getting cold fast. 

When we arrived at the ER, I was having trouble and I first pointed at my blood nose. which of course made the person look sideways at me and say that's not an emergency. and pointed at my should and chest but couldn't find the words. Jasmine came in behind me and described the sudden discolored hand and one sided facial paralysis she witnessed which was still twitching under my eye but my movement was back. She also told them I symptoms got better standing around before the car ride and the acute moment with the bloody nose was while relaxed in a chair. Symptoms got worse again sitting in the car when we checked Blood pressure. 

The Doctor sent me to a CT scan of my head but said that's only because MRI isn't available and it can rule out at least a tumor.

I go back for an MRI with contrast as soon as my insurance approves it.

The doctor also had me remove my shirt and was stunned at the profound atrophy on my Left side (my dominate side). Especially because I am a commercial fish captain and handle fish and gear all day. Touching between my shoulder blades the doctor said I was heavily spasming. I couldn't feel it.  

More surprising was that my shoulder seemed to be a passing comment on my charts and the ER doctor affirmed that something physical is actively going on and The ER visit was probably the start of a long road to rehabilitation.

I was in the ER for the same issue several times. in 2022 TOS was named as the cause. Yesterday's Dr was surprised that this has been ignored through all my Primary Care complaints. even though A severe Blockage in the TOS causes both a lack of circulation and feeling in the arm and back pressure on the left side of the face. 

A partial blockage also can cause high blood pressure. I'm hoping that this doctor has sent me to the right diagnostics with this next more thorough MRI but they said it's just the next most likely cause. 




Finance counselor
Chris Causey 907.747.1733

Patient Health benefits
907.966.8684
