momentum 


innocence and naivety 


nurturing as the hospital is described with super high tech procedures juxtaposed to woman and men in totally nurturing human centered parts of care. the real care the timeless care that nurses have been doing for ever. the women is also a midwife so one of her stopped is to check on a women with a child only a few days old. the puppy watches from the car's window and chats with the car about what's happening. the car perfectly temperature and humidity controlled for the dog reading vitals with thermal cameras


the dog has a lot of pride in her human's work as a nurse (partly because it's the main thing the dog know. but also because she has friendly touch for a career. she is the foundation of setting fear aside for love to find a way) and adores their walks and is fascinated by everything because everything is still novel 

midwifery is a timeless calling. both humans have needed nurses forever to assisted in child birth. humans evolved long lived females who live far past their own child baring years to help tell stories and teach children to play. these older women, the ones with time to rock their children's children and tell stories that make their parents human. our dog is let in the second midwife stop for the nurse. this one had children slightly old a couple months old for the youngest but the oldest children where 4 and 7 and grandma was reading a story to one while grandpa played songs with the other. terrible songs, out of key and completely beautiful because in that moment the room had a soul. had a feeling that couldn't be simulated. It had something the dog new had a word but didn't dare to think it because this wasn't a moment to think. it was a moment to touch existence as a being with no present fear. she knew the word but saying it could make the feeling vanish like hearing your name can pull you out of the dream and into your bed.   


Make logs of each book. find nurses and doctor's memoirs and reflect in logs their most human insights into their careers. then work in their passions and love into our novella 2

we want this to remain classic philosophical science fiction sounding like a 1940s and 1950s short stories like the masters. everything should lead to a great revelation at the diner a revelation that love bottle up is good but love shared is better. when bubble starts playing with the rook at the restaurant, bubble's system is the spark that lights the room on fire with dance. and the woman gets over her fear of rejection to fall in love


lets actually make this story start with the boat arriving. then Skipper meets our new dog. they play and both have to ride around in the car with our nurse. but this time skipper falls asleep as the old dog in the car. and the puppy wants to know everything all at once like an excited kid asking why. we could start novella two something like this:
"Come on Skipper lets go to the beach. That old dog looks like he hasn't seen a stick in forty years." the word shoot the dog out of his corner. His salty matted tail about to wag itself right off. I stared from the rear window of my climate controlled mobile palace. I too know what Beach and Stick are I know what happen. hey. hey. I want to play too. hey."
"Will someone open the hatch and let let our puppy own. she wants to meet you guys."
I saw the stick already in the captains hands but I also something pure magic. I boy getting on his knees in the grass, arms forward ready for me to assume the position. I felt the ancient earge all puppy feel since they've be call us dogs. an instinct to connect with a child who just wants to hmm a lulliby with fingers painting my imagination into reality. 