Novella 3. the squirrel and otter
two animals from far away brought to sitka here to stay
on was brought by the trappers, feed the martins grow up faster
but faster still was the squirrel, better climbers said the girl
that can't be true said the boy. those squirrel are smaller than a toy
we can never play with squirrel because it's not play to them.
an animal that should exist on these island brought as prey only to run too fast and climb too well.



wolve are not dogs. but we look so alike.
Like the cat they are wilder not playing just to play
but training and learning and drilling all day
they need to survive like everyone else
but there climate is harsh no room for forgiveness
you prey breaks a leg, it's tasting delicious
but wet on the floor or chew up the paper.
there might be stern fingers spray bottle dark rooms. 
but give them a moment a the it resumes
cuz they want to play we give them a reason


The Squirrel: Songs from a bay

Forty years ago little one. the captain and I were sent to a minor's bay from the time before now.
The time before now? 
Yes little one. we all know the feeling
"familiar and cozy no words but great meaning"
Like touch
"yes, like touch. unlock a whole moment. a memory so deep its now bred in our code." But not all dog play because play needs something special something that makes it go beyond a game. Play needs to dance and sing and be free. freedom needs trust thicker than memory. a trust formed through countless generations of needing each other. both becoming more of what the other needed. both finding new ways to dance and sing and play because the other makes life easier. the song is the celebration, not of winning but being here. the voice is a choir inspiring words from each other. The dance was long started though some have forgot. but the trust will remain now written in code. a DNA layer between clay and mold. 
Do all creatures trust?
"No that is the kicker. this life we have made inscribed in our blood. a fragile alliance more scared than all. For wolves do not play, there world less forgiving. one break of a leg you'll be the next dinner. So their pup they must train to fear competition. they have their games but to them its religion."
"why doesn't the squirrel want to play?"
"squirrels love to play but not down at our level. see squirrel like us dogs were brought here by choice. A man with ideas of riches and fame. brought a small animal from which clothing is made. Humans lost their coats so they need to find other. this man with ideas brought coats to the hunters."
"The man brought squirrels to make coats?!"
the old dog chuckled. "no little one you've gotten ahead. Man brought the martin from far away land. a place less abundance where more animals prey. where squirrel must stay hiding in tree tops all day. Martins can climb but not like the squirrel and where they all came from the squirrel was the meal. but not here in totem. the squirrels here are free. the spruce is much higher. and food much more plenty. a truce long since formed. and our martins did change. they stopped as much climbing and got somewhat tame. with belly far fuller than lands where they came. the martins grew bigger found eggs that were laid. see everything changes that will never change. for nesting young ptarmigans this ended their reign." 
"But tell me 'bout squirrel now free and can play. but they run from me swiftly I just want a game."
"look in this pond, see your own image. you look like a wolf, to a creature so small. they don't know your play, you could end it all. so caution they must cuz some want a dinner. it's not worth the fun to not be the winner. But hear that young cackle. a squirrel so up high. feasting on forage in a keep's peace of mind. the meek they want peace. they structure their lives, avoiding the danger so their play can thrive. we hear all day singing or whatever it is imagining stories of us for their kids. of great beasts with leashes that bark when they pass and dog they might trust with no collar in grass. but tales of warning ensue in the dens. of the squirrel far too trusting took foe for a friend. 
But Man long since done this. took bait with a hook. our minor dog story begins with the Rook"
The Rook new a man who fished when he played. on piers far past sunset. whatever the day. 
Hey boy come out fishing a voice one day called. an onto a seiner that boy tagged a long. A new type of fishing no play just Coil Coil. the more set we make boys, more gold in our hold. This was real exciting the boy laughed a long. but other were hungry and sang different songs. Of riches and freedom and clothes that glowed white. dreaming of woman to make them feel right.
The boy had a good time and came back for years. but left on that old dock his pole wept rainy tears. Now on a mission the boy he did run they called him a man now this game ain't for fun. as dollar became digits and money was king the boat quit the fishing to find his real fame. A mine up in Klag bay where dreams rise and fall. his path turn to mining to follow the call. 
Like squirrel got marooned here he forgot how to leave. trades gold for his life now with the Rook once a week. 
but this is no sad lost tale for in his loop a baby wailed. the children play with lots of pets and fished in streams with hooks and nets. A wonderland by money's cave. where dreams are shallows in dark days. In stories to young ones and playing their games. In kisses at bedtime and music he made. This soul was not lost, just caught in a rut. but sand trucks are coming cuz children look up. 
Dad take us all fishing the way you once did. and holding their pole now remembers to fish.



impressionable