Prompt: but what if all five players rolled Yahtzee?
Response: This is extremely rare.
Prompt: but what if the stars aligned? 

For the captain, it was an average morning. Alarm clock reading his every biometric creating a perfect blend of the 100 years of achieved recordings, remixed exactly the captain's taste to put him in just the right mood for the day's activities. The news come on a few minutes later- Priming the captains mind for his children's lessons that evening. I can tell captain was in a particularly chipper mood this morning; radio's all doom and gloom. And Bubble's guitar was sounding a little more off-key than yesterday. Wonder if the captain the captain is still remembering a pleasant dream? I struggled to remember what story I crafted for them the night before. but a good dream, the more I thought, the further away it drifted.  
The moment the family finished their smoothies. the music rolled silent as sounds of imagery of volcanos and puffins flooded the kid's glasses. giving them a space time shift to what St. Lazeria was like 40000 years ago. the children swimming with the birds as snatch herring like their standing still. they see the respect the salmon have for these majestic tiny ace fighter darting by them preying herring scattering and schooling and scattering again in the confusion of the feast. the prompt on their dad's glasses telling just what to say to maximize his kids retention of the important elements of the lesson. The gamified lesson pitted the kids against each other in  challenges to build a nest that will survive the winter. the run strategy simulations for coordinated fishing boats to maximize their catch from flying drone perspectives. The competition is intense. Bubble sister was a little older and almost always had better command of the controls. but her brother's cleverness always made for good competition. The two were perfectly even matched. A yin and yang, groomed since birth to compete and excel in opposite ways.
"Enough fishing games you two. Got a lot more lesson to cover." they all watched in amazement as one challenge faced the puffin colony but still their they were, raising their young, making little changes to ensure their survival. 
I listened in delight as my ideas landed like smart bombs in the children's imagination; crossing my toes that tonight would be different- tonight we'd get lucky. 
"Can stars really align?" the question was so beyond the pail the captain didn't even hear it. "what's does this stars align thing?"
The second ask broke his father's concentration. He stopped reading the teleprompter looking through the words at Bubble. he said, "don't be silly." that's only in the old stories before they new what stars were. Remember 'planet' means wandering star. people you to think some of the stars were alive and directing people's lives."
"Now that's silly." Said Bubbles. "but why is the prompter over there displaying something about stars aligning?"
The captain looked at the little screen blinking a prompt that was never sent. the Captain looked puzzled and he held backspace longer than required. I couldn't help but flip my tail. "Seed's planted, now it's luck's turn"
"I want to go see." said Bubble's sister.
"see what?"
"I want to see if stars are aligned. If people used to believe it, probably sometimes happens with the planets. they probably thought it meant the world was ending or something." The boat's screens started displaying the night sky. beautiful with constellations outlined like kaleidoscope of ancient creativity. overhead, the current locations of each planet proudly glowing revealing that- No. the stars weren't aligned that night.
"I want to see them without the characters." the listening system responded and a view of the night's sky rained down from a crystal clear projection. Bubble's sister was amazed at the milk way- unnaturally beautiful with images taken from satellites. 
"No, I want to see the stars." he already had his a life vest halfway.
"what are you doing?" the captain said. "it's the middle of the night. you can't go outside. It's freezing."
"you're right." bubble said. and he reversed his process and started again with his winter jacket this time.
the captain exhailed in defeat. "okay." but we all got to go together. 
My humans have never gone outside except in port. One yahtzee. I better weight the dice. following my people onto the deck. I stay close to Bubble- knowing he's the key.
"what's all that noise?" Bubble's sister asked. "it's giving me a headache."
"Look!" yelled bubbles, louder than he meant. "It's St. Lazaria, from our games!"
The static His sister was hearing suddenly reinterpreted as thousands of birds conversing. "Puffins?"
"Mostly seagulls, remember? but look! there's a few puffins"
"there so small. nothing like on screen"
Her brother laughed out loud. "you thought puffins were people size because we were being them in the last game?!" I could see the captain bite his tongue trying not to smile. Didn't work.
"No!" She said unamused. "I just didn't picture them so pocket sized."
"You didn't picture them, is what you mean." her brother knowing just the buttons to push. 
The captain was about to break the two up and send everyone inside. when something strange happened in the sk- a streak of light. "Are we under attack?" the captain thought. "Kids, get inside."
I know exactly what he saw. Second yahtzee.
"Kids, we are behind on our work. let's push through these next lessons. no more distractions." there was a touch of nervousness in his voice. The captain never saw a shooting star. Never tried to make a wish.
Math time. The two were thrown into a multidimensional mess of variables with an interconnected tangle of wormholes. vectors coded into keys that link each room together. Bubble's sister calculated keys as fast as her tablet could move. but this was Bubble's realm. his intuition needed no tenser mathmatics. he planned routes through the knotted universe like dancer who needs no direction. It wasn't math at all he was using. he just knew. angles, waves, they just made since. Bubbles could infer a lever's advantage use by looking at it. everything was visual not in his vision. it's something before vision. it's knowing the system must be complete and knowing there's only one answer to get there. he wasn't always right but he was right enough. his estimations honed through the genetics of a fisherman, refined through the generations to come out just feeling the answer. like a butterfly, their first day among friends. 
"How are you doing that?!" she, cried with a well-practiced annoyance. "Are you calculation that fast, Really?"
"No, I sweep the trajectory and picture how far off I'm gonna land." I don't know where to go. "I know where not to go. when I find a possible Key down a vector I need, I move away in every direction and can tell I'll be getting further off, so that must be it, Like a magnifying glass, you don't need an equation to tell you when its in focus."
"that makes no sense. you're cheating!"
the captain chimed in as peacemaker, seeing an opportunity for a lesson. Like his son, he too read waves and knew that kind of intuition alienates people. "Are you cheating when you fly that drone like professional pilot? are you calculating the angle of the yoke for maximum efficiency? or are you just feeling it? Like a bird. Like you do when you dance. You're not calculating weight distribution or the elasticity of your muscles when you make a beautiful leap. you're picturing what you want, and your body falls in line. the how comes second. Computers need to calculated because they only understand task you give it. this means if a sensor isn't defined as wind speed or a camera defined as looking forward. it's all just nonsense to the machine. Something between the sensor and machine has to interpret. That's what makes life different."
 My tail must be beating Bubbles shins as I can hardly contain my excitement for the direction this is all going. I could tell Bubble's sister was lost but that didn't matter. The message got through to the right person. I could feel Bubble understanding. the way life understands things. Without turning it into a thoughtless equation, instead becoming aware of a new idea. Third Yachtzee?
There was then a thud. Is this it? Are we going to beat it this time? Bang Bang Bang. the sound on the side of the boat.
"Hey Captain! Captain! You awake?" It was The Rook. "Hey! Catch a line. Auto picker's broken." The captain poked he head out the dutch door. "Hey James. I could use a hand. Got parts coming but we're gonna need to used the ole hydraulic booms this round."
I ran out to greet the Rook as soon as the door was open enough. "woh skipper. careful." said the captian as I pushed pasted his knees to greet my friend. The Rook always takes time for dogs.
"what do you need me to do?" Captain asked puzzled by the situation. 
"Oh. I'll hoist you over a trayco, just load up them fish. And I'll be on my way. you're ice still look pretty fresh we can skip re icing this round." Everything about this was abnormal. The Rook usually comes in two days. what was he doing here, now? 
"You mean climb down in there and touch the fish?"
The Rook laughed outloud. "Yes sir" and tosses the captain a pair of brand new commercial duty orenge glove. the kind he'd only seen in video games. 