skipper makes the realization at the end that the boat is the captain's totem. and goes into length about it being a symbol of carrying on a way that he thinks is write. a way made out of wood that decays back into the earth and must be kept up by every captain. A trust that there will be people to help with this endeavor later. Instead of plastic that only breaks into less useful
Luna makes a realization that skipper doesn't and skipper is impressed near the end. that the boat has become the captain's totem. but not like the carver's totem with a story on he knows. like the puffin's totem where every one of the 6 captains before him and the shipwrights along the way were making thousands of little choices. there are times to choice to be the craver instead of hire the worker. when the captain's engine breaks in a side story with not many works about it earlier. the engine failure was during the fishing season and hiring 2 professionals to get the job done with good fishing days were numbered. but here in the off season when the choice is between bitter cold fishing and rebuilding his boat with his children's cheering on eyes. and questions he didn't think to ask. even the children are shaping the boat with where they want their bunks in the renovation or sizing table for the guitar to fit around. 

monologs from each sound like dialog as they both make revelations of who they really are. ending in skipper seeing the boat as the captains totem and the captain realizing that humans can gain any skill. a book taught him the secrets to patterning wood and bending planks and the order of operation in taking apart the bulwarks and coverboard and sheer board. and what it meant to sister ribs for strength. and how to check with a rubber hammer where might need sistering. the captain was starting to think like a doctor for the boat. his job was not to change it. his job was to heal what time always does. his hands can replace planks that need replacing. decks that are soft. he could learn to weld and put in that extra water tank he wants. than it hits the captain. he could learn anything. it's not about aptitude it's about desire and his children are giving him the desire to push himself to be the person he always wanted to be. I want to learn the skill to do something my mind is thinking about. all I have to do is invest that most precise resource. time. 

the pan out at the end steps back the listener realizes the dog was setting up the story for the captain who seemed doing something unrelated but his watch was making light that the dog was making crazy good insight around or a piece of something fresh the dog knew the captain was cooking for him by the pure unseasoned smell cuz the captain knows how he likes it. 

the big net boats heading west have guard dogs to fight off wolves in distant harbors

Our captain's father was a luthier his father's grandfather's family built cartages before the cars took over. they were the last cartage markers in Italy so they were still selling cartages until the last commissioned cartage period. and then they moved on. they crossed the ocean and started over by the great waterfall. A son moved across country to make his own and another moved across country again in a different area to set up a luthier's shop. not a lot of people buy guitars anymore but the old luthier who's always playing guitar is often the deckhand of the captain in a role reversal that creates inspiration, creativity, respect and some tension. he's part of the dogs story and in the zoom out to the end the deckhand father interrupts the dog's story by scratching behind his ears and wanting to play. like the child the picked up the first stick. like the woman that reached out here hand at the restaurant and found love. I haven't felt that feeling in forty years. (this is a nod to the dog not understanding time) 

for the captain to have his metamorphosis throughout the story. the Luthier also reminds the son who he is without saying it on why he doesn't hop on a money making out west boat and instead stay and learn a new craft. and it's his dad that says we can learn anything. that's just time. the hard part is choosing where to spend your time.  like a dog getting scratched behind the ears because they know his name (and that's kinda the dog's real name)