some men are strong enough not to ask. but too weak not to answer

i don't fear critiques of my ideas. i fear editors using the interpreter layer to trap me in words to prevent my ideas from reaching the conversation. like a lawyer winning on a technicality to prevent what they don't want heard. not because it's a bad idea but because there's a pecking order and conversation dominance is a game to teachers. when they realize their doing it its a powerful tool for instruction but when the don't realize. they quite those off us not trying to win.

I stay quiet not because I think family and Sitkans not because they don't like my ideas. it's because they like my ideas and don't want to talk about them. they just want to edit how I said them until the idea is forgotten and I'm ashamed for many times the length of the conversation for mentioning such a poorly worded idea. and that's the criticism I've been running from for decades. 

The way academia ruins music for many people. turning an art into a game of awards and recognition. students learn that a pleased teacher is a good song. and your mistakes mark your place in line. 

Don't tell me how to edit. edit the story and make it yours, and if it's better great, we will both be happy. if all I know is what you would have done better; we will both leave unsatisfied. 


teachers often don't see your art they see something they're better than you and want to prove it through the soft language of coaching.

I've been trained to never share unpolished art with teachers. they will prove that they are better with the tools than you burn it like a morning cigarette. Rarely do they edit and give you something better. they usually simply give you homework on you're own art ruining the play that created it. 
 the problem is while I can stay away from teachers and find my self more creative. I must not talk bad about the people educating my son because they have a sacred calling and are pouring their souls in our greatest hopes. this is not a put down on teachers. It's a put down on an obsolete system that turns the wrong parts into games. Adjudicators ruined music festival turning it from students sharing art with each other to a competition for command making most students in the audience into adjudicators rooting for their team members not listening for creative interpretations; instead practicing how to recognize the best interpretation. 
this is all fine and good and I talk positive about every person personally. even the game of music in school taught me a lot but I don't play any of that kind of music. the play was coached out of me by school replaced with a competitions and an academic path based on what games I was best at instead of what I liked to create. 
