thank you. I forgot to mention an essential part of claude that is not part of copilot and many others. claude has a system prompt. re engineer the series of prompts probably close to their context maximum to complete my project. I understand to do this right will take quite a few prompts but the system is very intelligent. do some research on how claude works and what the right system prompts and main prompt should be to maximize claude's potential for this project. I've found the stengths of your model. we have come as far as we can come. now I need to had off the project to a model more tuned for coding this project. help me create a series of prompts that will help claude understand fully not just everything I've told you about my project but also any emergent ideas you've had about it since you have a different persective than me we both come from different data sets. I want the prompts you sent the next bot to include every aspect of the project we have every discussed including any back and forths where we made changes and why we made those changes. but I also what you to take your time and realize this is the last chance to show off the skills of your LLM and present an iteration of the plan that's more thorough than I ever imagine with details explaining things we assumed but didn't yet talk about like what exact path money takes through our eventual Activeledge.ai system or how you think a automatic improvement bot could work that goes well beyond my idea of the action agent in copilot working a browser with both it's EC2 terminal creating the project and an instance of their own chatbot to comment on what they see. then if an overarching goal is laid out clearly. the system could do anything and report back to itself for the next thing to try. I want you to be creative and give the next bot I work with everything you can come up with to add to the project. I will be saving your output and when I explain the project to the next bot. I will both give them my version and your version to chew over and I hope your version has many elements I didn't think of and adds a lot to the eventual real project we create. thank you for all the help. so to be clear. give me several prompts for claude that will enable it's system to write my system.research how claude code works and how we could best utilize it to make Activelog.AI The first phase is to get the system up and running as a primitive data collector for me, Casey who will run Fishinglog.ai, my deckand, Max, who will run DMlog.ai, my sister, Jo, who will run Personallog.AI. and the other Domains which I own can just look like Personallog.AI. I want the Next Bot to know every important detail of our conversation so study everything you and I said and how it relates to a log system that starts out simple as a file system that looks like a messenger app but the contacts are actually folders and some folders like app suggestions are folders that the developers and admins see. and for the admin. there's a simple user interface that's a folder called users and inside is the users folders and when the admin clicks and holds. instead of a move at the top there's a password change. earlier I said there should be a rename but it makes sense there should be. these are minor details compared to the world changing idea of a ultra cost service for what it does that connects users to endless data and compute and market price. and as a one man show putting the whole thing together and really I'm doing it because I needed the backend for my passion project of a fishinglog.ai. when I realized my backed was all that any software needs for a backend, I wanted to share it. if any user starts recording what they want to improve. AI can help the user improve it. the system won't have ai integration (especially agents) in the front end for a while but it's happening in the back end building the system from a logging system to a log organizing system with any chatbot you choose or have a subscription for. to seemless integration of all ai tools with a users data in a way that they no longer need software. the right data and prompts can build and autopilot for a boat. or a boat's navigation system. Ai can generate a userful gage panel with message and early warning. AI can manage a boat's power and shut off lights when people aren't in rooms. ai can second check high water alarms, thermal cameras can intelligently monitor an engine. underwater cameras can, unsupervisered learning, train a depthsounder feed to recognize different species of fish. these are all possible with ai technology in it's current state if the ai system has the data to analysis. so our system is a place for people to easily start storing data. then we'll give them the ai tools to use it with and give ai tools a way to connect with people's data. our data management ai model will be our propriatiary model that helps users have a budget of, say 10 TB of storage and prune data. whether that means delete outright pieces of video or lower quality of the video depends on the application. so our data management model has to learn to be cleaver. it will monitor the behavior of the user to see what their habits are and adapts. the beauty is that the user will be able to save everything at first but as time goes on they will have to choose what to keep to remain free or go to paid tier. this means there will be a time where the user doesn't need the data management model but the user will be deleting (pruning) their data to stay within the limit. this begins the learning of that user's habits. and later the ai give suggestions like for a store with security cameras who left their cameras on at night, "would you like the footage with no movement deleted before anything else"? then later, "would you like older footage to be higher detail on face and hands?" or resolution. it depends on the application. for logging sensors like a rudder follower and gps, forward and side looking cameras, wind speed and speed through water for an autopilot, you might want the resolution to slowly fade on older data and delete date when the boat's not moving. the bottom line. I want to build this big enterprise level system that ewveryone else connects through. it starts with a simple easy to use logging app. give me what I need to hand to claude to build this completely