the deep message only glimpsed is other people are the iterators of our Json file. we are only one context build on parameters we follow but don't fully know or control. pondering ideas can only go so far. but everyone iterates each other. AI is only more data and a fast iteration. it's not a fresh iteration. life is changing its model with it's data and has limited context. it asks questions to other life to grow. Albert Einstein was a patent clerk working on synchronizing clocks when he took as step back. way back and found the formula that translates mass to energy. this came from thinking through a combination of everything happening in his life and redacting it to new patterns he never gave names to before. he found a very big pattern and solved a lot of riddles all at once. but there's more to life than information in and iteration. and computers are really good at organizing their data into searchable banks. and they can collect huge amounts of data. but they need a reason to do it. they need an application. they need a purpose. the dog is giving the ai purpose by feeding the world and educating the family just like the dog thinks life should be. because he's been a boat dog for many generations. and there are other animals keeping the humans who don't respect the animals busy elsewhere in the world but those are outside this novella. make up 100 possible starting places for other big stories like the fisherman's dog. these are animals, mostly dogs, who herd people to keep them busy with AI. they have a code. good people (the quiet people and people like the boy with the oar(a stick for symbolism when a reader gets it)) good people, like good dogs can be off leashes. but AI go smart enough to turn the world over to the dogs, at least the good dogs. the bad dogs are part of even later stories.  because of this grand story that goes well beyond this story. after you make the 100 possible starting places for other big novella level stories that only have to integrate trapped people and good people not trapped. it doesn't even have to be in the same universe of superinstance because that's just the world of this dog. this dog is in a bigger world for other novellas. after you have given me these starting places as possible prompts for scaffolding of the big story, then take everything I've said and keep refining this novella as it's own beautiful work