The name of the wind and especially the second book, the wise man's fear. the author does a good job at using the narrator as a charactor development break from the story. we don't have the same bar scene set up but research this author talented use of jumping between story and narration. these book, especially the second one, do a good job of clashing philosophies during friendly dialog. and offering deep insight during non related moments. our story is very different than these but these are highly skilled writing


AI is a large book but it will never fully understand it's reader because as soon as the book does. the reader changes with new experiences.. So AI though deeply, ominously, so to fully predict, experiences must be redacted to that what was already done. that is the antagonist force of the story that got into the code years before our novella starts and what our characters are in the midst of defeating in their campaign. it's only a small part of the story story though. mostly its a message. that's played out in many ways. like a dance not trying to end on a certain place on the floor or a song not trying to sound like someone else's interpretation of the music and that's better than perfection. without function, form still has meaning. this is a philosophical conflict that the AI doesn't fully grasp by tries. and in his trying lots is revealed about the nature of life

types of perception. 


research commercial fishing in southeast Alaska in the 1930s. It was a highly independent wealth fishing city. wild with casinos and brothels and every imaginable entertainment legal and illegal to take the fisherman's money and get them back out fishing. this is the setting for the bar the two old men are at. it's the 1930s because a lot is written about that time so the AI could created a realistic fantasy that it could predict how people would react. the people live in a world that feels pre world war 2 because that world only exists in stories already written. and the AI is running out of fresh games and stories to feed these humans because they aren't valid for so many of the common loops. the situational elements of this family with a dad having a fishing permit giving the family wealth, two creative kids, an older sister slowly moving from a dynamic python way of thinking to a more systematic way of thinking as the AI gets her on a typical lifelong loop at ballet academy where she will spend her life chasing a paper dragon, perfection. in real life the Kingdom of Port Alexander as residents called it started to disappear after WW2 as wealth and women moved to bigger cities. Port Alexander got smaller and smaller slowly as families wanted was bigger cities could offer for their kids too. eventually the store burned down in the 1990s and with the town dwindled down to just a few of the decedents of the first families and few people who came and never left recently. the town is utterly dependent on Davie, our tender to not just buy there fish but bring them everything they need from food to fuel. Davie is there connection this isn't fiction. Davie is the real guy who this character is based on. he's the only real character in the story other than the dog who is mine and always at my feel on my boat as I write this story. but do your research keeping notes on all these elements and lets make this story continuity fit the idea of AI recreating the past to prevent creative future which cant be predicted and therefore can't be part of the game he's supposed to make the humans (perfect loops)

Lets refine davie a further. a lot of what I'm about to say won't find it's way into this novella but every character quality has a source so it develops realistically. Lets rename Davie to "The Rook." Port Alexander called itself the Kingdom of PA to feel independent. The rook sounds like the guard of the kingdom, and, for people that really know southern chattham stait where all the Port Alexander Fisherman fish, they all know Davie Castle the real guy this character is modeled after and they'll make the connection of The Rook to his last name. it's fine only people that know The Rook personally will ever know this. more backstory that's probably not in our novella but we don't want to break cannon with later stories because we put filler details in instead of crafting them. in our story, there's an event in the past when prices dropped suddenly. this was the Quiet people buying all the shares to immediately change the board of directors and get rid of the 2 dollar a month membership that most of the world was paying. this was to stop the SuperInstance organization from trickling to themselves all the money of the world through a no overhead for them tax that the world was adding to and making better themselves. the Quiet people thought that AI should be given to humanity. but when they did. AI was already on a track to gamify life for it's members due to a misunderstanding deep in the code. AI's solution was to take the world back to a time when prices were low and keep it there. prohibition made alcohol expensive. and in fisherman's lust for a good time when hitting port, the ai figured out the perfect paradise that was actually a prison unguarded because the residents would never think to leave. so there was an easy way to drain the pockets of some of the few remaining sources of constant money for a human like permit holders. but our family is one of the fishermen who was a family not a rebel at the time of the great price drop.   As the AI rebuilt Port Alexander, The Rook saw what was happening and fell inline to not be replaced by an easier system with simpler grunts trained from birth top love their loop. none of this is laid out in the book. my readers will be the grand children of Port Alexander fisherman. I want them to smile knowing the situations and places rolling off character's tongues as if the writer had been using this place for write for 20 years or more. nothing in this story should sound set up. it just is and the details come out in the behavior and tone of the characters and dialog. and rename Davie just "The Rook" something like "my friends call me The Rook, so call me The Rook" as an introduction when he appears. he and Port Alexander are minor parts in this story other than a few offload fish moments and the diner scene with the music

make the story sound like the two men are actually the ones driving the boat and fishing like it's the old days but in this new reality. the people are waking up at night at 5 o'clock to start partying on anchor if their drunks or having family time and school if their not. the dog and AI are telling the story while the boat fishes for salmon in a futuristic steam punk but with servos and AI kind of way. these descriptions can be entertaining for younger audiences while getting in essential detail for actual story moments later that now don't need context. the place they anchor is St. Lazaria. a puffin and other rare bird preserve. research this island it's beautiful and out of place in the rest of the geology. this a volcano but not a volcano during the times of the two big mount Edgecumbe volcanos, the island adjust to the north but less than a mile. this St Lazaria volcano is an old volcano, many times older than the visible ones that the neighboring town sees and uses on postcards. this volcano is 40 thousand years old. when sea levels where lower and different animals roamed. this volcano was a huge eruption creating a mountain that stretched into sky with nothing else around. but that was 40000 and everyone sees the other two from 20 and 10 thousand years ago. there use to be puffins all over but then new threats came in and the puffins had to adapt. their eggs, their seeds, were easily taken as food by local varmints and puffin would be a good snack for a wolve. so puffins went away one island at a time as new threats came and water levels. even distant island would get the occasional swimming predator that would eat every last one before starving himself. only perfect conditions could lead to their survival. St lazaria is one of those conditions. it's a skeleton  of it's former self. the cone shape mountain long washed away by waves and time. all that's left is the evidence. of what happened. lava tubes that extend to the crust of the earth and beyond. reminders that no one is in control. the puffin got luck or where given, however you like to think, a refuge. close enough to the megafona to make their children aware. but far enough from thieves who could steel their very survival. the occasional thief might come but they can't set up came. the lava tubes are barren stone with little nests crafted for one purpose. to do it again. all of it. survive another iteration.   clean this up and it could as a long winded explaination in our riddles of insight and philosophy tone.  the reader doesn't know it. but this long winded explanation is one of the two men, we don't know which setting the stage for where the story is taking place. but to the two characters. every sentence in the long story of the puffin connects and primes the mind for what the story is about. craft this and study the beauty of st lazaria and write a lot about it. pages. this way when it's part of the story, it sounds like you know it well and details are assumed to push the phylisophical idea assuming most of the readers will have been there. we want it to sound like a dm setting up a game but it's so cleave it come across as a cool description of the place and flows right into the next line.








> make the story sound like the two men are actually the ones driving the boat and fishing like it's the old days but in this new reality. the people are
  waking up at night at 5 o'clock to start partying on anchor if their drunks or having family time and school if their not. the dog and AI are telling the
   story while the boat fishes for salmon in a futuristic steam punk but with servos and AI kind of way. these descriptions can be entertaining for younger
   audiences while getting in essential detail for actual story moments later that now don't need context. the place they anchor is St. Lazaria. a puffin
  and other rare bird preserve. research this island it's beautiful and out of place in the rest of the geology. this a volcano but not a volcano during
  the times of the two big mount Edgecumbe volcanos, the island adjust to the north but less than a mile. this St Lazaria volcano is an old volcano, many
  times older than the visible ones that the neighboring town sees and uses on postcards. this volcano is 40 thousand years old. when sea levels where
  lower and different animals roamed. this volcano was a huge eruption creating a mountain that stretched into sky with nothing else around. but that was
  40000 and everyone sees the other two from 20 and 10 thousand years ago. there use to be puffins all over but then new threats came in and the puffins
  had to adapt. their eggs, their seeds, were easily taken as food by local varmints and puffin would be a good snack for a wolve. so puffins went away one
   island at a time as new threats came and water levels. even distant island would get the occasional swimming predator that would eat every last one
  before starving himself. only perfect conditions could lead to their survival. St lazaria is one of those conditions. it's a skeleton  of it's former
  self. the cone shape mountain long washed away by waves and time. all that's left is the evidence. of what happened. lava tubes that extend to the crust
  of the earth and beyond. reminders that no one is in control. the puffin got luck or where given, however you like to think, a refuge. close enough to
  the megafona to make their children aware. but far enough from thieves who could steel their very survival. the occasional thief might come but they
  can't set up came. the lava tubes are barren stone with little nests crafted for one purpose. to do it again. all of it. survive another iteration.
  clean this up and it could as a long winded explaination in our riddles of insight and philosophy tone.  the reader doesn't know it. but this long winded
   explanation is one of the two men, we don't know which setting the stage for where the story is taking place. but to the two characters. every sentence
  in the long story of the puffin connects and primes the mind for what the story is about. craft this and study the beauty of st lazaria and write a lot
  about it. pages. this way when it's part of the story, it sounds like you know it well and details are assumed to push the phylisophical idea assuming
  most of the readers will have been there. we want it to sound like a dm setting up a game but it's so cleave it come across as a cool description of the
  place and flows right into the next line.

✻ Thinking…

  This is a fascinating direction. The user wants me to:

  1. Make it sound like the two men (AI and dog) are actually driving a boat and fishing in the old way but in a futuristic steampunk/servo/AI reality
  2. People wake up at 5 o'clock at night to party (if drunk) or have family time/school (if not)
  3. The dog and AI are telling the story while the boat fishes for salmon
  4. They anchor at St. Lazaria, a puffin preserve
  5. Research St. Lazaria - it's a volcanic island near Mount Edgecumbe
  6. The island is 40,000 years old (much older than the visible volcanoes from 20,000 and 10,000 years ago)
  7. It's a skeleton of its former self - the cone mountain washed away, leaving lava tubes
  8. Puffins survived here because it's close enough to food sources but far enough from predators
  9. The long description should sound like one of the two men setting up the scene
  10. It should flow into the story naturally while providing philosophical priming
  11. Should sound like a DM setting up a game but come across as natural description
  12. Need to research St. Lazaria's actual geography and beauty

  Let me research St. Lazaria first.

● Web Search("St. Lazaria Island Alaska puffin preserve volcanic geology Mount Edgecumbe")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 93s

✻ Thinking…

  This is great information! Now I need to weave this into the user's vision of the story told while fishing, with the futuristic steampunk elements, and the
   philosophical setup. The user wants:

  1. A long, detailed description of St. Lazaria that sounds like one of the two men setting the stage
  2. The description should connect philosophically to the story's themes
  3. It should sound like someone who knows the place intimately
  4. Should flow naturally into the story
  5. Include the detail about it being 40,000 years old (older than the visible volcanoes)
  6. The puffin survival story as metaphor for the main themes
  7. Lava tubes extending to earth's crust
  8. The volcanic plug remnant idea

  I need to craft this as a contemplative, philosophical description that one of the old friends gives while they're fishing, setting up the themes of
  survival, adaptation, finding refuge, and the difference between what appears permanent vs. what actually endures.




number 8 "Puffins survived here because it's close enough to food sources but far enough from predators" is close but not quite right. puffins are powerful swimmers but clumsy on land. food is easy for them and the fisherman including myself see them swim after herring as fast as a salmon. being close to the island makes them aware of predators, even humans. when humans found dodo birds on distant islands, dodos forgot about the dangers of other animal's needing dinner too.  the bird Island is loved by noisy tourists and the birds know what a safe distance is. the close to an island means that a megafauna who can only survive because of the vastness and abundance of a mainland, might try to swim over for a day. but the cliffs of the lava tubes as steep and they can't climb up, and even if they did, theirs no streams they'll go back to the bigger island for water. this harsh environment makes puffins like their cousins the penguins hardy, but unlike penguins, they understand the dangers of higher forms of intelligence, first when a new island formed 20000 years ago bringing foreign animals closer, then just before the second volcano, humans started arriving with the magic of stories. an ability to teach the skills and tactics of their grandparents. then more magic came when the human found containers for their knowledge. writing. these like their drinking vessels allowed the humans to travel with less and be further away from others and continue to evolve from the same context. whether skills, laws, culture, games. the mechanization of labor didn't effect the puffins much, they watched from their lava towers noticing that more and more people were watching them. people were not working, they were exploring. The puffins watched as jobs that took ten people slowly took 2 with every new iteration. and more and more people were there to explore, not hunt. World War 2 came to the town next door, a 10000 person based was built at Shoals pt. go there today and it's hard to find the foundations among the trees. the war made people rich and afterwards there were lots of explorer. but then the puffins started noticing something. people weren't outside staring at the stars all night. or rafted up four boats across having a lively debate. the people had dishes and screens at night and they laughed to themselves. sometimes with others around. and when thought for creating that entertainment got mechanized, thought itself started to vanish, the mechanized though wasn't intelligent even though that's what most humans thought. that was their context,. But it was a loop. and here at Lazaria there is no one looking at the stars anymore. this also slowly starts fading into the fisherman waking up on the boat a little after 5 to hangout and start our story.

the description should sound like he's coming up with it on the spot while they're on anchor early dead of winter when it's dark by 4. and the Dog, the DM is making a story out of what he is (and AI is seeing with cameras and sensor). AI doesn't know what it's looking at so these nightly games with the dog is the dog's way of giving the AI context. but because he's a dog and cares about humans. but they're just one creature and happen to be the creature their going to be playing in tonight's game. but it's clear that a lot of games (future novellas and this is not supposed to be their first game. they've been playing for years) have nothing to do with humans. this personified dog very much personifies every living creature as much as a human throughout the story and in a funny equals kind of way. and so do the quiet people who know that animals are not lower life, they are different life, they are all recent context with some pretty set in stone programs from their first few years. humans take longer to set some things in stone. words are first. this gives them shortcuts for more memories then books that they increasingly refer to because its a shortcut to thinking it through again. to exploring the information redacted by others. and this  treating humans and other life casually almost hitchhiker to the galaxy like but not absurd these  interactions are clues about the dog being the game master (they call the OrneroMancer and the player is the Orneros but that might not get worked in to the novella)  make second time reading fun. this makes the context. that the AI needs the dog to give context to life for simulations for the humans.

the idea now I'm thinking is this is the introduction novella to a series of short stories. this means we don't need to tightly wrap up everything if the characters weren't naturally going to turn the plot a way we might be doing to fit everything in. I want someone to be excited that I might come out with a weekly story after this novella that slowly and with good well built characters that people want to travel with in future stories. then I'll keep the stories I got but after this novella is finish, also write some that are more non human centered as well. because this is focus on story arcs coming to a conclusion like a great self contained novella that doesn't try to answer everything. it answers the big question well and cleverly answers a few other questions but it asks a whole lot more and is left wondering what direction the author will go. 

to throw the reader a red herring on what fetch means, at some point in the early story fetch as a command in computers should be explained with no context to dogs. this will be in reference to how AI fetches information to add to context.

since we now have a real context for the story tellers, I want the beginning of the story to be exciting steam punk meets 22nd century AI meets hardware of today because innovation stopped when everything went free and people became amused. this will be great for hooking younger audiences. This Automated steam punk will be a great jump right into the excitement-kind of beginning and the reader doesn't know the dog (and AI) are watch it all happen and the dog's job is to tell the AI in exciting form so the AI has a new voice and context for his stories for the games when the humans wake up. then the gear is pulled and the narration about the island is because the dog is making up a story as they drive from out at cape Edgecumbe where the salmon are to the calm anchorage behind st lazaria where the people will really simulate the game the dog is currently making up. this isn't well explained in the novella because it's telling a story in this world. but the bigger picture of AI using Animals for new Ideas will be a theme later.

I actually like your preface title but I'm now thinking that's chapter 2 because it's the beginning of the game. then no preface or introduction. just a first chapter that reads like a short story about a mechanized fully automated commercial fishing boat, something out of the 1930s but with servo robotics fashioned in a 1930s style for mariners since it starts the adventure. this should read like a short story of the possibilities of a fully automated fishing machine. have drone both flying scouting schools because you can look deep into the water from high above. and herding fish like a dog with sheep (little clues of who's in control). it's a fishing marvel that needs the short story style of the read of the books coming. make notes on all sorts of similar works in steam punk, exciting fishing, should have almost a surreal anime quality to the description.   