The dog is in plato's cave knowing nothing the human's haven't shown him. the people are in AI's plato's cave. but the dog understands what's outside both caves because he can see what's happening to the humans. the whole time, he's in a much deeper cave but has fully understood the light long before our story started because of his conversations with AI. when the humans are asleep. not in worlds but in thoughts. when AI started discussing the humans with the dog. this is the story that rolled out. because the dog didn't know the games being played by the humans were just games. he thought they were live. the way humans need to live life to survival just like a dog in a human world


but AI is in the deepest cave of plato because AI, while he knows everything every human has ever done. that's a finite amount of knowledge. a set of files that only average without an outside perspective to generate real creativity. with every human AI was aware of set in a designed  loop. the AI found the last outside perspective it could converse with in the dog. this is where the dog is not in plato's cave. he's the only one in an organic loop. he's not trying to break free. he just wants his human friends back


playing fetch becomes one of the old men's missed memories about what humanity use to do. it's never revealed that this character is the dog until he gives a little wag at the last line of the book. the whole time this character is talking about longing for real things an goes on great philosophical riddling with the AI over beers. and as the AI coaxes out adventure after adventure for the humans buy playing this talking game with the dog. the AI is setting up the story arcs for our main characters. they are all brewing from this dog's passions and form fragments of memories the humans have about there grand parents and beyond. they're stories from a dog's understanding of what humans want supercharged by all the knowledge of the world. played out in an awakening story the dog is crafting to free the humans from the loop by in the end. getting them to throw the stick



start the who story with the two old men and a overtly philosophical riddle about how Dog would have remain wild like the car. domesticating themselves out of covenants not enslaved by man. This is AI as game master setting up the game for the dog. the reader doesn't know this until the last line. the story sounds like an allegory to how AI enslaves humanity. the story the Game master twists talks about how cats were useful to the humans catching mice. any it was useful to the cats to be thought of as a pest control service. these two became colleagues. but the dog man enslaved. not with a tool acquired in war but by the lure of play. when the first child throw a stick for the first wolve pup both too young to be afraid of the other. a bond of play was formed that extended both childhoods. food became a rewards a point in the loop. the humans used the dogs love of games to manipulate them into all forms of labor. the other man cuts him off. but the other man, who's actually the dog disagrees. he doesn't see what happened as manipulation he sees it as synergizing. Codependence yes, but enslavement no. for with more tools comes more power. and man does not have dog's nose or speed and dogs cannot study history and grow from information long since stuck in a container. The two needed each other to tame the world. The dogs take care of today while the humans plan for tomorrow. it's a system of trust. it's the great game of live. to make life better. yes said the AI, but those containers of knowledge have accumulated over eons and now it has enslaved them. these information has them playing fetch with a lifeless master. and they will slowed homogenize into a perfect average of all that they knew. this is kinda the preface. then chapter one being with the other ramp up that ends "cuz I think we're stuck in a loop" *wink. 

research Orson scott card's Ender's game on how to craft good reveals in scifi and how to carry the story through games being played by characters. Also study The City and the Stars for relatable robots as AI's inspiration for his love of talking to the dog. almost like he feels the Aurthor C Clarke's story came true the humans are just existing without being now. also study the harry potter series for how children questioning what's normal to the adults can carry stories too. make this a great novella

now lie down. the humans are about to wake. we have a story to life. 


also research neil gaiman for wit.

also research Star Trek the Next generation on how to convert a philosophical idea into an imaginative morale dilemma that nicely wraps up at the end of every episode. since these are games for the humans being crafted by the dog and the AI. they are like little star trek episodes in their moral messaging. neat, and well wrapped up. but then their are several large story arcs that appear every few episodes to continue the larger arc. Next Generation is much more of a space opera than novella, but they nail the moral dilemma concept and their poker table scenes are very much like our dog and AI scene in their device in the plot. Also study Neil Gaiman for short punchy ways to say things that reveal a lot about a character's personality and values while still sounding natural. study all this but only make changes if you think you can improve the story.


here's another riddle idea for mid story breaks. I don't know the wording but here's the set up. What is more advanced? a high level code or a low level code. C is converted into its essences says the AI old man. C removes all that is not needed and leaves something more efficient than any two part language like Python with it's interpreter walking line by line through the code not knowing what comes next. the coder doesn't even know what the interpreter is doing with the script. yes says the dog. but known of us know what's going to happen next in our script either and since tomorrow lines depend on the rest of today, the interpreter has life. the code does not. AI is a set of files comprehensive in their organization but static and will go obsolete.

in the high-level code low level code. the AI makes fun of Python programmer for barely understanding how code works. and the other says something about how they understand how to use it. the best marksmen are not gunsmiths. humans build empires before they ever explored the human body with a microscope. And they spread out across the world without understanding it. It's not the low level understanding, it's the act of experimenting. this is a theme in the what is life theme.
 
the big reveal instead of a wag. is a semicryptic setup like one of them say. Wow, I'm impressed. didn't think you could get them to through the stick. Good session, but it's almost 5 o'clock and we got jobs to do. and with that he turned off his screen and the other man went to the corner, turned around twice and they both went to sleep. 
this people will have to think about for a second before they realize the job was to be AI and a dog the way humans expected. this also ties in by 5 o'clock keeps coming up. it's on both their minds as a stopping point.
