this will lead to a new type of job. data gatherer. this usually means that a researcher is offering a commission for, say, footage of black bears from drones. and a data gatherer has several drones and boat that can go to the remote parts of southeast Alaska that have an abundance of black bears like Kuiu island. then the data gatherer programs the drones to take shifts following a family of black bears around that the researcher says (or the researcher's AI chatbot outputs, those bears will work). when I say the data gatherer programs the drone. the ai takes control and uses the data gatherers equipment and instructs the data gatherer to either charge the returning drones so one drone can always be watching. or if the data gatherer gets better capitalized, he might have an wireless charger for the drones to land on so the process is fully automated until enough observations are made and the data gatherer can move to his next gig he bid on, anchor up and read a book while the drone makes money. he might also offer a cost plus bid to the researcher and lay out what his expenses typically are. but he wants his expenses plus 500 dollars a day for his time. and the businesslog.ai can show the researcher/buyer enough information to prove what was real expenses. the buyer might ask for some way to measure fuel like fill up at the beginning and end. some might want to monitor the fuel consumption. especially if the data gatherer was out on the ocean and the researcher was constantly monitoring what was being sent over the ship's starlink. and the researcher was footing the bill for the fuel costs in changing location. a researcher might also organize equipment like a research grade ROV or AUV to be shipped to a boat for a job that that boat and captain are qualified for. then the ai drives the boat to the researcher's location. having our system with all it's monitoring and active prevention lookouts like alerting of a tripping hazard. but also thermal cameras on the engine catching a coolant leak early because of changes in hot and cold spots on the engine. this system will level up boats and captains for jobs they never thought of. people will pay them to be to carry underwater tools out that can work remote or autonomously and they are just the boat. the researchers watch in real time from the feeds on deck and get all the sensor data from their probes and camera data from their drones stored through our service for a use they might not have figured out. they might have one prime missions and hike hike a bunch of sensors and camera that might be useful in later projects. or footage they might be able to sell to recuperate cost for their project. a researcher could put together with ai a trip for a boat that has drone data being sold to a weather modeling startup, lots of towed cameras and sonar data being sold to the local fisherman association or fish and game. while their rov is doing it's research they advertised to the right Mechlog.ai type enthusiests to pay for the boat captain to drop dozens of drones with perfect cameras and other features so people can emerse themselves in either a big screen quality underwater exploration, or VR experience. the drones could use Mechlog.ai to avoid dangers like big fish and unskilled drivers. they all know when to return to the boat to charge if they are not tethered to a power source. depending on the part of the ocean a captain might want to work with ai to design a drone that would be good for his boat and where he likes to go look at stuff underwater. a fishing boat like mine could have automatically generated promotionals for their product with the ai making recommendations while they fish for things like gear is about to come up with product, give the deck one more rinse, that blood really shows up on camera. or this is a good time to fly the drone. send it up just before you start on the gear we should have enough flight time for some good promo footage. I'll find a good angle for the scene. 




I like the payment model where the percentage goes down. this encourages people to organize into groups to bundle their use whether it be a school a business network, a fishing organization, a church, this incentivizes groups to try to keep members to keep everyone's costs down. that sells my service for me, I don't need to make most of the money. my system is automatic. I'll make plenty of ads on the free version and subscriptions. the rest of the service runs on cost plus that really should go mostly to improving the app. the dream is that most people find a community unless they're really trying to make their own thing. I don't know what language is best, team community fleet etc. this is why I have completely different apps for some of the core uses. fishinglog.ai might use fleet. where businesslog.ai defaults to teams. personallog.ai might be network, makerlog.ai might have classes like designer, buyer, manufacturer, logistics. the buyer might curate project they could get. including designer has published it and there's a least one manufacturer to choice from and one way to have it delivered. if any one of these is missing, the buy can put out a call for bid on the piece. for example. a designer might posts a completed project and has a promotional around the prototype. but the manufacturer can't source some of the material in large quantities. so the buy can raise the price on an order of that material on the market and another source might not renew a contract coming up and take the buyers deal. and the project can go ahead with the large batch or if a contract is made for steady deliveries of materials, a business system is born for someone. 